feat(website): Add new form to submit individual sequences (#3710)
loculus-project/loculus: docs/src/content/docs/for-users/submit-sequences.md

Reviewer: blocking comment as I realise I didn't test some important stuff

Reviewer: <img width="478" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4bdd08e5-76bc-403a-89c6-43c8c141bb8e" />

Just stick some extra spacing below to avoid this? I know we'll change this whole thing very soon anyway

Reviewer: (this is on edit page)

Reviewer: <img width="773" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/79089626-b963-49f7-aa0b-f160c84aa019" />

Author: Ah this is because the section about processed data is gone. yes I will add some space!

Reviewer: TBH we should lose these sequences too, so that's the other option

Author: https://github.com/loculus-project/loculus/pull/3710/commits/5f5532976afb8de9c427427d059ec999ce68b939

Author: As this was already part of the form, and we want to do some other follow-up work on the form, are you fine with moving this into a new PR adressing this ticket? https://github.com/loculus-project/loculus/issues/3740

Reviewer 2: Sounds good!

You can only upload sequences if you already have an account and [are part of a submitting group](../create-manage-groups/).

> You can submit sequences either through uploading files or entering sequence metadata on the website directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can submit sequences either by uploading files or entering sequence metadata on the website directly.
```

> Submission for the website form is only recommended for uploading a single sequence, for multiple sequences you should use bulk submission with file upload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The form submits a single individual sequence entry, to submit multiple sequence entries with one upload you can use the bulk submission tool, uploading a metadata table and a multi-sequence FASTA.
```

## Submit a single sequence through the form

1. Log into your account, and then click 'Submit' in the top-right corner of the website.
2. Select the organism that you'd like to submit sequences for.

> 3. Click on 'Submit single sequence'.

Reviewer: Sorry for being unclear. Isn't there a missing step of hitting "Submit" after selecting the organism?

> 3. Click on 'Submit single sequence'.

Author: Ah yes true! Updated: https://github.com/loculus-project/loculus/pull/3710/commits/aca18951e019981b7ac5ddb677b9c75fbbab52db
